README.md, before:

<img
    src=".\client\public\favicon.png"
    alt="COCO AI Logo"
    style="width: 100px; height: 100px; margin: 20px 0;"
/>

<h1>COCO AI</h1>

<h3>
COCO AI is a project designed to provide free and powerful AI chatbots. The goal is to help users be more productive and creative by giving them easy access to advanced AI capabilities.

## Features

- 🤖 AI Chatbot Integration
- 💬 Dynamic Prompt Handling
- 🖼️ Image Upload and Processing
- ⚛️ React-based Responsive UI
- 🔑 Clerk Authentication
- 🧠 Google Generative AI Support

## Installation

To set up the project on your local machine, follow these steps:

### Backend

1. Navigate to the `backend` directory:
   ```bash
   cd backend
   ```
2. Install dependencies:
   ```bash
   npm install
   ```
3. Start the server:
   ```bash
   npm run start
   ```

### Frontend

1. Navigate to the `client` directory:
   ```bash
   cd client
   ```
2. Install dependencies:
   ```bash
   npm install
   ```
3. Start the development server:
   ```bash
   npm run dev
   ```

## Usage

1. After starting both the backend and frontend servers, navigate to `http://localhost:5173` in your browser.
2. Use the application to interact with AI chatbots, upload images, and generate responses.
3. Sign in using the Clerk authentication system.

## Contributing

Contributions are welcome! Please follow the coding standards outlined in the `AGENT.md` file.

## Technology Stack

- **Backend**: Node.js, Express, Mongoose, ImageKit
- **Frontend**: React, Vite, React Router, Google Generative AI
- **Authentication**: Clerk
- **Styles**: CSS Modules
- **Utilities**: ESLint, Prettier

## Additional Information

- This project is still under development.
- The application does not currently include test cases.
- Consider adding test suites in the future for better maintainability.

Commit message:

docs: update readme with emojis and project overview
- Added emojis to section headers for better visual scanning
- Included detailed project overview section with key features
- Added table of contents for easier navigation
- Improved formatting and organization of content

README.md, after:

<img
    src=".\client\public\favicon.png"
    alt="COCO AI Logo"
    style="width: 100px; height: 100px; margin: 20px 0;"
/>

<h1>COCO AI</h1>

<h3>
COCO AI is a project designed to provide free and powerful AI chatbots. The goal is to help users be more productive and creative by giving them easy access to advanced AI capabilities.

## Features ✅

- 🤖 AI Chatbot Integration
- 💬 Dynamic Prompt Handling
- 🖼️ Image Upload and Processing
- ⚛️ React-based Responsive UI
- 🔑 Clerk Authentication
- 🧠 Google Generative AI Support

## Installation 💻

To set up the project on your local machine, follow these steps:

### Backend

1. Navigate to the `backend` directory:
   ```bash
   cd backend
   ```
2. Install dependencies:
   ```bash
   npm install
   ```
3. Start the server:
   ```bash
   npm run start
   ```

### Frontend

1. Navigate to the `client` directory:
   ```bash
   cd client
   ```
2. Install dependencies:
   ```bash
   npm install
   ```
3. Start the development server:
   ```bash
   npm run dev
   ```

## Usage 🚀

1. After starting both the backend and frontend servers, navigate to `http://localhost:5173` in your browser.
2. Use the application to interact with AI chatbots, upload images, and generate responses.
3. Sign in using the Clerk authentication system.

## Contributing 🤝

Contributions are welcome! Please follow the coding standards outlined in the `AGENT.md` file.

## Technology Stack ⚙️

- **Backend**: Node.js, Express, Mongoose, ImageKit
- **Frontend**: React, Vite, React Router, Google Generative AI
- **Authentication**: Clerk
- **Styles**: CSS Modules
- **Utilities**: ESLint, Prettier

## Project Overview 🚀

COCO-AI is an AI-powered platform featuring an interactive chatbot interface with Gemini API integration. It provides:

- Image analysis with ImageKit processing 💡
- Code generation capabilities ✨
- Secure authentication via Clerk 🔒
- Intuitive React-based UI 🎯

The application facilitates multimodal interactions where users can combine images and text.

### Table of Contents

1️⃣ [Features](#features-)
2️⃣ [Installation](#installation-)
3️⃣ [Usage](#usage-)
4️⃣ [Technology Stack](#technology-stack-)
5️⃣ [Contributing](#contributing-)
6️⃣ [License](#license)
7️⃣ [Contact](#contact)

## Features ✅

- This project is still under development.
- The application does not currently include test cases.
- Consider adding test suites in the future for better maintainability.
